Reviews
Google review summary
5	
4	
3	
2	
1	
 
4.4
457 reviews
Reviews
All
Price
Meal
Service
ribeye11
beef teriyaki8
live music23
bread pudding6
+6
Sort by
Most relevant
Newest
Highest
Lowest
Margeli J
Local Guide·22 reviews·71 photos
3 months ago
Dinner  |  GH₵300–350
The food tastes great — no notes on flavor. Everything is well-cooked, well-seasoned, and clearly made with love… but the portions? Let’s just say this is not a “I skipped lunch and need healing” kind of place. This is a “lemme nibble …More
Photo 1 in review by Margeli J
Photo 2 in review by Margeli J
Photo 3 in review by Margeli J
Photo 4 in review by Margeli J
Photo 5 in review by Margeli J
Photo 6 in review by Margeli J
Photo 7 in review by Margeli J
Photo 8 in review by Margeli J
Photo 9 in review by Margeli J
Photo 10 in review by Margeli J
❤️3
Victor Benante
Local Guide·188 reviews·1672 photos
8 months ago
Lunch  |  GH₵150–200
We visited this restaurant on the recommendation of a friend. The food was very good but not worth the price. If you’re needing an American culinary scene fix, it’s a great place. Otherwise there are really great places to visit for local …More
Photo 1 in review by Victor Benante
Photo 2 in review by Victor Benante
Photo 3 in review by Victor Benante
Photo 4 in review by Victor Benante
Photo 5 in review by Victor Benante
Photo 6 in review by Victor Benante
Photo 7 in review by Victor Benante
Photo 8 in review by Victor Benante

❤️🔥6
Kaylin M
Local Guide·209 reviews·444 photos
a year ago
Dine in  |  Lunch  |  GH₵400–450
This is not food it is art! Each ingredient in complements each other well. My squid salad was very refreshing. The tropical mocktail was my sister’s favorite mocktail on our trip, she had to get 2. The bread and butter pudding reminded me …More
Photo 1 in review by Kaylin M
Photo 2 in review by Kaylin M
Photo 3 in review by Kaylin M
Photo 4 in review by Kaylin M
Photo 5 in review by Kaylin M
❤️1
N Ade
Local Guide·24 reviews·18 photos
a year ago
Dine in  |  Dinner  |  GH₵400–450
I truly enjoyed the service here. It was at a relaxed pace, but very attentive. They don't hover but if you need something they are available. Food was delicious, and yes it took a little time to come out. Didn't mind it at all, steak was …More
Photo 1 in review by N Ade
Photo 2 in review by N Ade
Photo 3 in review by N Ade

❤️🙏4
Treehouse Restaurant (owner)
11 months ago
Thank you!
Emerge Enterprises
4 reviews·4 photos
8 months ago
Dinner  |  GH₵250–300
Treehouse has the best cuisine and amazing vibes! I’ve been in Accra two weeks and been there at least three times! Absolutely love it! It’s a must have while you’re in town! …More
Photo 1 in review by Emerge Enterprises
Photo 2 in review by Emerge Enterprises
Photo 3 in review by Emerge Enterprises
❤️2
Wilson Samuel
2 reviews·1 photo
4 months ago
GH₵50–100
The coffee shop in the airport is also a luxurious place I experience for with good service and atmosphere …More
Video 1 in review by Wilson Samuel
Photo 2 in review by Wilson Samuel
Video 3 in review by Wilson Samuel
Video 4 in review by Wilson Samuel
clasiq perry
Local Guide·94 reviews·247 photos
4 months ago
Brunch  |  GH₵300–350
Excellent experience 👌 and definitely coming back. Food was excellent 👌 Service was excellent 👌 …More
Photo 1 in review by clasiq perry
Photo 2 in review by clasiq perry
Joshua Armstrong
Local Guide·22 reviews·3 photos
2 months ago
Dinner  |  GH₵500+
Peaceful and beautiful under the big tree. My steak was cooked perfectly and the wine was lovely. Service was attentive without being pushy. Definitely one to come back to . …More
dzidula Victor
Local Guide·12 reviews·2 photos
4 months ago
Food is good, portions are small. Prices are not proportionate to the food you get. I was forced to pay service charge and tourism levy. I felt scammed. Had a discussion with the assistant manager about it, hated her attitude towards the …More
The Review Queen GH
Local Guide·66 reviews·264 photos
Edited 2 years ago
I went there for lunch and it was good. The environment is calm and the food was great. The waitress who attended to us was nice and assisted us in ordering our cocktails because we were confused. …More
Photo 1 in review by The Review Queen GH
Photo 2 in review by The Review Queen GH
Photo 3 in review by The Review Queen GH
Photo 4 in review by The Review Queen GH
Photo 5 in review by The Review Queen GH
Photo 6 in review by The Review Queen GH
Photo 7 in review by The Review Queen GH

🙏❤️13
Beatrice Zunuong Ziem
Local Guide·64 reviews·361 photos
3 years ago
Calm and refreshing space. Drinks were absolutely delicious and the food was great. Service was great too. The menu is very limited btw. All food options fit on one page. Just a few guests were around at the time of my visit so I’m not sure how busy it can get. They have both indoor and outdoor dining areas.
Photo 1 in review by Beatrice Zunuong Ziem
Photo 2 in review by Beatrice Zunuong Ziem
Photo 3 in review by Beatrice Zunuong Ziem
Photo 4 in review by Beatrice Zunuong Ziem
Photo 5 in review by Beatrice Zunuong Ziem
🙏10
Lawrencia Kwansah
Local Guide·42 reviews·524 photos
2 years ago
Dine in  |  Lunch  |  GH₵150–200
The environment was really calm and there were a few people around when I visited. The food was really good and the customer service was great. I was just a little disappointed about the vegetable rice as I thought I'd see a lot of …More
Photo 1 in review by Lawrencia Kwansah
Photo 2 in review by Lawrencia Kwansah
Photo 3 in review by Lawrencia Kwansah
Photo 4 in review by Lawrencia Kwansah
Photo 5 in review by Lawrencia Kwansah
Photo 6 in review by Lawrencia Kwansah
Photo 7 in review by Lawrencia Kwansah
Photo 8 in review by Lawrencia Kwansah
Photo 9 in review by Lawrencia Kwansah
Photo 10 in review by Lawrencia Kwansah
Photo 11 in review by Lawrencia Kwansah
Photo 12 in review by Lawrencia Kwansah
Photo 13 in review by Lawrencia Kwansah
Photo 14 in review by Lawrencia Kwansah
Photo 15 in review by Lawrencia Kwansah
🙏7
jem ash
Local Guide·71 reviews·533 photos
3 years ago
Dine in  |  Lunch
Lovely place, offer indoor and outdoor seating. We ordered Prawn and potatoes, fish filet and beef teriyaki. The presentation for the Prawn and fish were on point and tasted really good. The beef teriyaki though, it was tough and just ok …More
Video 1 in review by jem ash
Video 2 in review by jem ash
Photo 3 in review by jem ash
Video 4 in review by jem ash
Photo 5 in review by jem ash
Photo 6 in review by jem ash
Photo 7 in review by jem ash
Video 8 in review by jem ash
Photo 9 in review by jem ash
Photo 10 in review by jem ash
Video 11 in review by jem ash
Photo 12 in review by jem ash
Photo 13 in review by jem ash
Photo 14 in review by jem ash
Photo 15 in review by jem ash
Video 16 in review by jem ash
Photo 17 in review by jem ash
Photo 18 in review by jem ash
Photo 19 in review by jem ash
Video 20 in review by jem ash
Photo 21 in review by jem ash
Photo 22 in review by jem ash
Photo 23 in review by jem ash
🙏2
Mamadou Diallo
Local Guide·280 reviews·820 photos
2 years ago
Dinner  |  GH₵450–500
If you’re trying to splurge on a fancy delicious dinner meal in Accra, this is your spot. …More
Photo 1 in review by Mamadou Diallo
Video 2 in review by Mamadou Diallo
Photo 3 in review by Mamadou Diallo
Photo 4 in review by Mamadou Diallo
Photo 5 in review by Mamadou Diallo
Photo 6 in review by Mamadou Diallo
Photo 7 in review by Mamadou Diallo
Photo 8 in review by Mamadou Diallo
🙏1
David Ashong
Local Guide·103 reviews·737 photos
4 years ago
A very refreshing space in the middle of Accra. A serene outdoor dining experience with the tables set on a wooden deck wrapped around a big tree which provides lots of shade and breeze. Staff are friendly and attentive. …More
Photo 1 in review by David Ashong
Photo 2 in review by David Ashong
Photo 3 in review by David Ashong
Photo 4 in review by David Ashong
Photo 5 in review by David Ashong
Photo 6 in review by David Ashong
Photo 7 in review by David Ashong
Photo 8 in review by David Ashong
Photo 9 in review by David Ashong
Photo 10 in review by David Ashong
🙏12
AJM
Local Guide·367 reviews·819 photos
a year ago
Again, my only complaint was the slooooow service. But the food was excellent. The shrimp w coconut rice, bread pudding and sticky toffee desserts were all excellent. …More
Photo 1 in review by AJM
Photo 2 in review by AJM
Photo 3 in review by AJM
Photo 4 in review by AJM
❤️1
Hikma F. A.
Local Guide·301 reviews·1818 photos
3 years ago
We ordered the fish curry, beef teriyaki and prawn sauce. For desserts, we got the creme brulee and bread pudding. The beef teriyaki was the only meal that was just okay, the rest were absolutely delicious!! However, I am giving a 4 star …More
Photo 1 in review by Hikma F. A.
Photo 2 in review by Hikma F. A.
Photo 3 in review by Hikma F. A.
Photo 4 in review by Hikma F. A.
Photo 5 in review by Hikma F. A.
Photo 6 in review by Hikma F. A.
Photo 7 in review by Hikma F. A.
Photo 8 in review by Hikma F. A.
Photo 9 in review by Hikma F. A.
Photo 10 in review by Hikma F. A.
Photo 11 in review by Hikma F. A.
Photo 12 in review by Hikma F. A.
Photo 13 in review by Hikma F. A.
🙏2
Simon Hald
Local Guide·15 reviews·10 photos
3 years ago
Dine in  |  Lunch
Fantastic food.
I tried the ribeye and had them make it medium/rare. It was exactly how it was supposed to be! I loved it. The prices are way more than your average Ghanaian …More
Photo 1 in review by Simon Hald
Photo 2 in review by Simon Hald
Prince Andrew Ardayfio
Local Guide·249 reviews·2336 photos
Edited 3 years ago
Dine in  |  Dinner
Food 9.5/10
Service 10/10
Wait Time: under 20 mins …More
Photo 1 in review by Prince Andrew Ardayfio
Photo 2 in review by Prince Andrew Ardayfio
Photo 3 in review by Prince Andrew Ardayfio
Photo 4 in review by Prince Andrew Ardayfio
Photo 5 in review by Prince Andrew Ardayfio
Photo 6 in review by Prince Andrew Ardayfio
Photo 7 in review by Prince Andrew Ardayfio
Photo 8 in review by Prince Andrew Ardayfio
Photo 9 in review by Prince Andrew Ardayfio
Photo 10 in review by Prince Andrew Ardayfio
Photo 11 in review by Prince Andrew Ardayfio
🙏4
Stella O
Local Guide·46 reviews·102 photos
2 years ago
Dine in  |  Dinner  |  GH₵250–300
Had the best time here! The food was great and it was the perfect place to enjoy yourself while catching up with friends with a delicious dinner and drinks. It is a little pricey imo and they are stingy with their portions but nothing tooo …More
Video 1 in review by Stella O
Photo 2 in review by Stella O
Video 3 in review by Stella O
Photo 4 in review by Stella O
Photo 5 in review by Stella O
Video 6 in review by Stella O
Video 7 in review by Stella O
Video 8 in review by Stella O
Rissa Odame
Local Guide·15 reviews·26 photos
a year ago
Dine in  |  Lunch  |  GH₵500+
My brother, two sisters, nephew, nieces, and I visited Treehouse Restaurant & Bar for a late lunch. Here's a breakdown of what we ordered: …More
Photo 1 in review by Rissa Odame
Video 2 in review by Rissa Odame
Video 3 in review by Rissa Odame

❤️🙏2
Boadua O. Kwablah
Local Guide·64 reviews·145 photos
4 years ago
Food was delicious! Drinks were on point! Apparently this place has only been open for about 5 months now and i hope they keep up the great service. Special thanks to Grace our waitress! We'll definitely go back there and soon too 😊.
Photo 1 in review by Boadua O. Kwablah
Photo 2 in review by Boadua O. Kwablah
Photo 3 in review by Boadua O. Kwablah
Photo 4 in review by Boadua O. Kwablah
🙏6
Nicole Dunn
Local Guide·99 reviews·81 photos
Edited 3 years ago
Lovely event venue and great food. Service is friendly and fast, and the menu caters for all preferences. I enjoyed the prawn starter and spicy flatbread. The cocktails are excellent and the wine list is very high quality for Accra. I went back twice in one week! Highly recommend
Photo 1 in review by Nicole Dunn
Photo 2 in review by Nicole Dunn
🙏8
Sedinam Botwe
Local Guide·28 reviews·66 photos
a year ago
Dine in  |  Dinner  |  GH₵450–500
This was my second time at Treehouse and I must say, it won’t be my last. Even though it’s so pricy lol. …More
Shrimp tempura
Beef teriyaki and Chinese noodles
Mashed potatoes with lamb shank
❤️1
Ms B
Local Guide·79 reviews·318 photos
Edited 3 years ago
Lunch
Amazing food and ambiance was great! Their ribeye steak was so delicious.
We had our Howard University of Ghana meet and greet here. It was great!

Meal type:
Photo 1 in review by Ms B
Photo 2 in review by Ms B
Photo 3 in review by Ms B
🙏14
Sandra Dery
Local Guide·106 reviews·581 photos
3 years ago
Dine in  |  Dinner
This place is a solid 10/10 from the customer service to the food. The food was delicious, the customer service was exceptional and the ambiance omg it’s a perfect place for an intimate fine dining experience. And it’s also suitable for …More
Photo 1 in review by Sandra Dery
Photo 2 in review by Sandra Dery
Photo 3 in review by Sandra Dery
🙏17
David Sackey
Local Guide·272 reviews·427 photos
a year ago
Dine in  |  Dinner  |  GH₵500+
The service is great and the food is great. Good place to eat out. Will be coming back again. …More
Photo 1 in review by David Sackey
Photo 2 in review by David Sackey
Photo 3 in review by David Sackey
Photo 4 in review by David Sackey
🙏2
DeZiya REBEL
Local Guide·26 reviews·24 photos
4 years ago
Came here for a birthday gathering recently. The menu was rather limited but the cocktail I had was decent. They have indoor and outdoor spaces to dine. You have to park on the road despite their massive grounds. Look ing forward to seeing what future developments they have!
Photo 1 in review by DeZiya REBEL
Photo 2 in review by DeZiya REBEL
Photo 3 in review by DeZiya REBEL
Photo 4 in review by DeZiya REBEL
🙏2
sewornu krapah
Local Guide·110 reviews·264 photos
3 years ago
Dine in  |  Dinner
It is a nice and cozy place to be. The only issue was the music. The selection of music was bad. I guess it is not a place for parties that why.
But apart from the music which is bad, everything was good and excellent. I love …More
Photo 1 in review by sewornu krapah
Video 2 in review by sewornu krapah
Photo 3 in review by sewornu krapah
Photo 4 in review by sewornu krapah
Photo 5 in review by sewornu krapah
🙏25
A. Edwards
Local Guide·181 reviews·77 photos
2 years ago
Dine in  |  Dinner
Food is in small portions, didn't fill me up much. The space is a very open concept or sit indoor if you'd like. Enjoy the cool breeze and nice music playing in the background while you eat and talk. The lighting is very low. A good space …More
Photo 1 in review by A. Edwards

❤️🙏2
Afi Blebo
5 reviews·19 photos
Edited 3 years ago
Dine in  |  Dinner
The food here is absolutely good!
You know there’s a ton of pricey restaurants in Accra with very terrible food but Tree House? Value for money. …More
Photo 1 in review by Afi Blebo
Photo 2 in review by Afi Blebo
Photo 3 in review by Afi Blebo
Photo 4 in review by Afi Blebo
Photo 5 in review by Afi Blebo
Photo 6 in review by Afi Blebo
Photo 7 in review by Afi Blebo
Photo 8 in review by Afi Blebo
Photo 9 in review by Afi Blebo
John Cimir
Local Guide·143 reviews·480 photos
4 years ago
- Very nice atmosphere! "The tree" makes big difference.

- The service was very good and relatively fast. …More
Photo 1 in review by John Cimir
Photo 2 in review by John Cimir
Photo 3 in review by John Cimir
Photo 4 in review by John Cimir
Photo 5 in review by John Cimir
🙏8
Hassan Bahsoun
Local Guide·190 reviews·5607 photos
a year ago
Other
I was surprised how beautiful Is this place. The vibes the moment you enter the place is wonderful. The market next to the food section is very nice. …More
Photo 1 in review by Hassan Bahsoun
Photo 2 in review by Hassan Bahsoun
Photo 3 in review by Hassan Bahsoun
Photo 4 in review by Hassan Bahsoun
Photo 5 in review by Hassan Bahsoun
Photo 6 in review by Hassan Bahsoun
Photo 7 in review by Hassan Bahsoun
Photo 8 in review by Hassan Bahsoun
Photo 9 in review by Hassan Bahsoun
Photo 10 in review by Hassan Bahsoun
Photo 11 in review by Hassan Bahsoun
Photo 12 in review by Hassan Bahsoun
Photo 13 in review by Hassan Bahsoun
Photo 14 in review by Hassan Bahsoun

❤️🙏11
Victor Dziduu
2 reviews
4 months ago
Dinner  |  GH₵500+
HATED IT HERE! Do not go. Find somewhere else to chill. Tiny food portions, super high pricesc bad service, hidden charges.
I was force charged service charge, when I asked that it be removed, the …More
Kwadwo Ofori
Local Guide·240 reviews·1588 photos
Edited 2 years ago
Awesome place for a nice lunch or dinner. Also doubles as an event venue. Ambiance was great with lovely friends. Will definitely be back. …More
Video 1 in review by Kwadwo Ofori
Photo 2 in review by Kwadwo Ofori
Photo 3 in review by Kwadwo Ofori
Photo 4 in review by Kwadwo Ofori
Photo 5 in review by Kwadwo Ofori
Photo 6 in review by Kwadwo Ofori
Photo 7 in review by Kwadwo Ofori
Photo 8 in review by Kwadwo Ofori
Photo 9 in review by Kwadwo Ofori
Photo 10 in review by Kwadwo Ofori
Photo 11 in review by Kwadwo Ofori
Photo 12 in review by Kwadwo Ofori
Photo 13 in review by Kwadwo Ofori
Photo 14 in review by Kwadwo Ofori
Photo 15 in review by Kwadwo Ofori
Video 16 in review by Kwadwo Ofori
Photo 17 in review by Kwadwo Ofori
Photo 18 in review by Kwadwo Ofori
Photo 19 in review by Kwadwo Ofori
🙏2
Rose Walls
Local Guide·107 reviews·283 photos
2 years ago
Dine in  |  Dinner  |  GH₵300–350
The food was exquisite and the service excellent. The atmosphere is beautifully and breezy and the jazz band is also excellent. …More
Photo 1 in review by Rose Walls
Photo 2 in review by Rose Walls
Photo 3 in review by Rose Walls
Photo 4 in review by Rose Walls
Photo 5 in review by Rose Walls
Photo 6 in review by Rose Walls
😋1
Kunal Vimal
Local Guide·334 reviews·3971 photos
3 years ago
Dine in  |  Lunch
Ample space outside....Interiors are awesome...Staffs are polite too. Looks like a happening place in the evening! Though I went there during afternoon. Food is good. …More
Photo 1 in review by Kunal Vimal
Photo 2 in review by Kunal Vimal
Photo 3 in review by Kunal Vimal
Photo 4 in review by Kunal Vimal
Photo 5 in review by Kunal Vimal
Photo 6 in review by Kunal Vimal
Photo 7 in review by Kunal Vimal
Photo 8 in review by Kunal Vimal
Photo 9 in review by Kunal Vimal
Photo 10 in review by Kunal Vimal
Photo 11 in review by Kunal Vimal
Photo 12 in review by Kunal Vimal
🙏4
Geraldine Partington
Local Guide·23 reviews·42 photos
3 years ago
Dine in  |  Dinner
Lovely ambience and super good food. I really love the duck fillet and the prawns in champagne sauce. Also one of the best creme brulées in Accra. Also try their bread and butter pudding! ❤️ …More
Photo 1 in review by Geraldine Partington
Photo 2 in review by Geraldine Partington
Photo 3 in review by Geraldine Partington
Marshall Smith
Local Guide·63 reviews·62 photos
3 years ago
After you land in Accra, checked in at your place of stay. Have a drink of water and then make your dinner reservation at “Treehouse Restaurant”.
This is fine dining. …More
Photo 1 in review by Marshall Smith
Photo 2 in review by Marshall Smith
Photo 3 in review by Marshall Smith
Photo 4 in review by Marshall Smith
Photo 5 in review by Marshall Smith
Photo 6 in review by Marshall Smith
Photo 7 in review by Marshall Smith
Photo 8 in review by Marshall Smith
Photo 9 in review by Marshall Smith
Photo 10 in review by Marshall Smith
🙏1
ENTAMOTY
Local Guide·144 reviews·3593 photos
a year ago
Great place to network, get to know new people , classic for events and night out or even brunch as well. …More
Video 1 in review by ENTAMOTY
Photo 2 in review by ENTAMOTY
Photo 3 in review by ENTAMOTY
Photo 4 in review by ENTAMOTY
Photo 5 in review by ENTAMOTY
Photo 6 in review by ENTAMOTY
Photo 7 in review by ENTAMOTY
Photo 8 in review by ENTAMOTY
Photo 9 in review by ENTAMOTY
Photo 10 in review by ENTAMOTY
❤️2
Margaret Apau
2 reviews
8 months ago
Dinner  |  GH₵250–300
Amazing restaurant, really love the vibe and enjoyed the delicious food. Would definitely host friends for lunch , dinner or both! Would recommend if you haven’t been there, you are missing out. …More
Emma Reynolds
Local Guide·27 reviews·40 photos
8 months ago
GH₵450–500
What an amazing place! Beautiful decor, incredibly attentive staff, and the food was amazing. I’m a veggie, so I often struggle when travelling but the dhall here was delicious, as were the desserts, which we really didn’t need. Absolute …More
Jephthah Lawanson
Local Guide·8 reviews·54 photos
a year ago
Dine in  |  Dinner  |  GH₵500+
Dinner here was amazing! Waiters were courteous and polite. Beautiful scenery too! …More
Flat bread with lamb chops 
Photo 2 in review by Jephthah Lawanson
Photo 3 in review by Jephthah Lawanson
Photo 4 in review by Jephthah Lawanson
Photo 5 in review by Jephthah Lawanson
Photo 6 in review by Jephthah Lawanson
Photo 7 in review by Jephthah Lawanson
Photo 8 in review by Jephthah Lawanson
Photo 9 in review by Jephthah Lawanson
Photo 10 in review by Jephthah Lawanson
Photo 11 in review by Jephthah Lawanson
🙏1
More user reviews
Treehouse Gh (@treehousegh)

Instagram · treehousegh
27.4K+ followers
Al fresco dining in the heart of Accra! Open daily from noon - 11pm! · POV: You chose dinner at Treehouse Restaurant From the flames to your table. · Plates full ...Read more
Treehouse Restaurant

Google Business Profile
https://business.google.com › treehouse-restaurant
The food was very good but not worth the price. If you're needing an American culinary scene fix, it's a great place. Otherwise there are really great places to ...Read more
Treehouse Restaurant Accra - Reviews, Photos, Menu & More

restaurants-us.com
https://treehouserestaurant.restaurants-us.com
“ What an amazing place! Beautiful decor, incredibly attentive staff, and the food was amazing. I'm a veggie, so I often struggle when travelling but the dhall ...Read more
Discussions and forums
What are the reviews of the Treehouse Restaurant in New Smyrna?

Facebook · 
St. Augustine's Fresh or Frigh…
 · 
40+ comments
 · 
2 years ago
 · 
Try The Garlic too..🙂  
More
Top answer · 4 votes · 2 years ago
I've been. Really neat place! Good drinks. I've heard the food is good as well.  
More
3 votes · 2 years ago
Are you talking about Norwood's? If so, it's a great place it eat. It has been in New Smyrna ...  
More
3 votes · 2 years ago
Treehouse restaurant review: good experience, pricey food

Facebook · 
Dine And Share- Reviews And Ra…
 · 
20+ comments
 · 
2 years ago
 · 
See more
Treehouse Restaurant - Experience Culinary Artistry in Accra

Goto Where
https://treehouse-restaurant.goto-where.com
Food was delicious, and yes it took a little time to come out. Didn't mind it at all, steak was cooked perfectly. There is entertainment and our drinks were ...Read more
PLACES TO EAT IN ACCRA-GHANA | Treehouse Restaurant ...

YouTube · Bernny Hour
600+ views · 2 years ago

10:55
Hello Family, In this video, I had a dinner date with my friend at Treehouse Restaurant & Bar in Accra-Ghana. Ghana living.
Treehouse Restaurant in Accra | Is it Good?

Mindtrip
https://mindtrip.ai › restaurant › accra-greater › treehous...
With its blend of good food, serene environment, and rustic décor, Treehouse Restaurant offers a memorable dining experience away from the bustle of the city.Read more
Exploring Treehouse Restaurant in Accra, Ghana

TikTok · Gifty Dzenyo
51.6K+ views · 2 years ago

0:20
This place was so nice it was giving Moroccan vibes, but personally didn't have a big variety of food to choose from.
Delicious Meals at Treehouse Restaurant in Accra

TikTok · ON THE ROAD TO CHINA
8.4K+ views · 10 months ago

0:37
Treehouse Restaurant offers delicious meals in a unique, natural setting, surrounded by lush greenery. Perfect for a romantic dinner or special ...
People also search for
Beautiful restaurants in Accra
Top 10 restaurants in Accra for Lunch
5-Star restaurants in Ghana
Tripadvisor Accra
Restaurants to visit
Favorite restaurant
Nice Restaurants for dinner
Any nice Restaurants near Me
1	
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
Next


See photos
Map of Treehouse Restaurant



See outside
Treehouse Restaurant
4.4457 Google reviews
Restaurant
Directions
Reviews
+4

Service options: Happy-hour food · Private dining room · Great cocktails
Address: Plot 1 West Light Industrial Area Nyaniba Accra
Get there:
31 mins
Phone: 059 940 0737
Menu: l.instagram.com
Hours: 
Open · Closes 12 am
Suggest an edit · Own this business?
Add missing information
Add website



Profiles

Facebook

Instagram
From Treehouse Restaurant
"🍽️ Discover Culinary Bliss at Treehouse Restaurant & Bar! Indulge your senses in an unforgettable dining experience at Treehouse, where delectable cuisine meets impeccable service. Located in Nyaniba Market, Osu. Our restaurant is a haven for food...  More
Contact
Order: bolt.eu
 
Providers 
Send to your phone
Popular Times
Mon
Tue
Wed
Thu
Fri
Sat
Sun
Live: Busier than usual
Usually no wait
People typically spend 25 min to 4 hr here
People also search for

Zen Garden reviews

The Gold Coast Restaurant & Lounge reviews

+233 Jazz Bar & Grill reviews

El Padrino Lounge reviews
See more
Results